docs: improve tour (#2096)
bytebase/bytebase: docs/design/source-code-tour.snb.md

A pipeline cotnains multiple stages, and each stage contain multiple tasks. This is how Bytebase creates a Pipeline:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/issue.go?L371-401

`Task` is the basic execution unit and each `Task Run` represents one particular exeuction. Upon startup, Bytebase registers the task type with a task executor. Below registers the schema change task executor:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/server.go?L207

The task executor implements the `TaskExecutor` interface:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/task_executor.go?L20-34

The schema change task executor internally runs the schema migration:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/task_executor.go?L303-313

Bytebase records very detailed migration histories. The history is stored on the targeting database instance. This is the history schema for MySQL:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/plugin/db/mysql/mysql_migration_schema.sql?L5-44

> This detailed history schema info enables Bytebase to implement powerful features like [Drift Detection](https://www.bytebase.com/docs/anomaly-detection/drift-detection), [Tenant Database Deployment](https://www.bytebase.com/docs/tenant-database-management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This detailed history schema info enables Bytebase to implement powerful features such as [Drift Detection](https://www.bytebase.com/docs/anomaly-detection/drift-detection), [Tenant Database Deployment](https://www.bytebase.com/docs/tenant-database-management).
```
